v1.8.0 Changelog (#1050)
google/osv-scanner: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.8.0:

### Features:

> - [Feature #35](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/issues/35)

Author: This issue hasn't been closed - should it be?

Reviewer: I will close it once the new version is released.

Reviewer 2: I think so, @cuixq?

  OSV-Scanner now scans transitive dependencies in Maven `pom.xml` files!
  See [our documentation](https://google.github.io/osv-scanner/supported-languages-and-lockfiles/#transitive-dependency-scanning) for more information.
- [Feature #944](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/944)
  The `osv-scanner.toml` configuration file can now filter specific packages with new `[[PackageOverrides]]` sections:
  ```toml
  [[PackageOverrides]]
  name = "lib"
  version = "1.0.0"
  ecosystem = "Go"
  ignore = true
  # effectiveUntil = 2022-11-09 # Optional exception expiry date
  reason = "abc"
  license.override = ["MIT"]

>   ```

Author: We should add this to our docs.

# v1.8.0:

### Features:

- [Feature #35](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/issues/35)
  OSV-Scanner now scans transitive dependencies in Maven `pom.xml` files!
  See [our documentation](https://google.github.io/osv-scanner/supported-languages-and-lockfiles/#transitive-dependency-scanning) for more information.
- [Feature #944](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/944)
  The `osv-scanner.toml` configuration file can now filter specific packages with new `[[PackageOverrides]]` sections:
  ```toml

>   [[PackageOverrides]]

Reviewer 2: Can you copy the version with comments I put in the other docs PR? #1051

  name = "lib"
  version = "1.0.0"
  ecosystem = "Go"
  ignore = true
  # effectiveUntil = 2022-11-09 # Optional exception expiry date
  reason = "abc"
  license.override = ["MIT"]
  ```

### Minor Updates

> - [Feature #1039](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1039) Renamed the `--experimental-local-db` flag to `--experimental-download-offline-databases`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Feature #1039](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1039) The`--experimental-local-db` flag has been removed, and a new flag `--experimental-download-offline-databases` is added to better reflect what `--experimental-local-db` is doing. 

To replicate the `--experimental-local-db` flag, use: `--experimental-offline --experimental-download-offline-databases`. This will run osv-scanner in offline mode, but download the latest version of the vulnerability databases before scanning.
```

Author: I've reworded this suggestion slightly
